alright one more thing speaking of kids
you know my mission is to talk to your
host yes I do have a mission it's not
just to entertain it's to educate and
not just adults children to the next
generation needs guidance on so many
matters including those of the heart and
so I sat down with a couple of kids
named Dean and Arlene to get their
thoughts on the mysterious emotion
called love
[Music]
dean and arlene how are you guys doing
how long you been together
ah you and me gosh oh so this is a new
relationship yeah yeah both five years
old huh are you both in kindergarten how
do you like it daddy yeah
what is love exactly it's putting
someone's needs before yours Wow I
thought Oprah was off the air I don't
know how this is happening what do you
think love is when you love most
mm-hmm okay girls are a little more
advanced than boys yes yeah so one thing
I know about you Dean because your dad
works here at the show right is that you
love to see people kiss on television is
that true no that's not true
oh you don't like kissing oh it is gross
what's gross about it exactly sharing
terms but you probably kiss your mom
right Wow mm-hmm why isn't that gross
well you kiss your mom and dad because
you're family mm-hmm and Dale draws
their family germs but if you kiss
someone else it's kind of gross because
they're sharing their drawers they're
sharing their family germs it's like
kissing everyone in their family right
right
I'm never gonna marry anybody cuz it's
it's what kind of disgusting
are you guys falling in love with each
other right now a little bit a little
bit do you think Dean is cute I'm fine
yeah do you think Arlene is cute yeah I
think you're both pretty cute should we
bring out the love meter and see if
you're in love no
[Music]
stay right there okay I'll bring out the
love meter and we'll test let's see if
you're in luck
all right this is the love meter now we
put this over your heart and then we see
its senses if you're in love okay I mean
for us should we find out Dean
all right here we go I got to get it
right here on your heart right there
whoa yeah
that's love that is love Wow it knows is
it right Dean yeah it is right okay okay
no try arguing all right that is funny
wow you guys are in love and that great
[Music]
you're in love with us because I sure I
see a bomb in love with you all right
let's see yeah no I'm not in love with
you but watch this if I think about
spaghetti you see what happens yeah see
I love spaghetti
your love is forget I'm in love with
spaghetti I guess what I'm also in
loving what meatballs oh my god I know
tell each other you love each other do
we are
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on